hey there everyone my name is michael
gray and today i'm showing you all the
various death scenes and nancy guru
warnings at Waverley academy thank you
to Ilana Dean
Chuck Chuck crash and NT a game player
for helping me make this video
[Music]
whenever Nancy does something she's not
supposed to do she gets demerits say she
tries to break into the Special
Collections cabinet what are you doing I
tell her that gets Nancy some demerits
[Music]
say Nancy tries to pull the fire alarm
that also gets you some demerits say she
tries to climb out the window on the
tree I wouldn't do that if I were you
that also gets Nancy some demerits out
of the tree and back to your room free
Samara if it's past 11 o'clock at night
and Nancy is outside of her room she
might get caught by page while Paige is
doing her around she don't hide behind
some furniture Paige will catch Nancy
and she'll get demerits I don't know how
it wasn't grants but if you run around
after-hours here you get five demerits
room miss Sawyer now and once you get 15
demerits Nancy gets kicked out of school
[Music]
if Nancy does the tree climbing
challenge incorrectly she will fall from
the tree and during the end of the game
if Nancy doesn't solve the pit and the
pendulum puzzle quickly enough she will
get cut in half by the pendulum you
[Music]
and basically those are all the various
death scenes in Nancy Drew warnings at
Waverly Academy thanks for watching
everyone